Hi everyone.
My name is Esteban Herrera.
Welcome to my course, JUnit 5 Fundamentals.
I have been working with Java for more than 10 years.
I love the language and teaching all I know about it.
An important part of developing high-quality software is testing.
As a developer, you are in charge of unit testing your code,
and in Java, JUnit is the most popular framework for this task.
This course is designed for developers who are new to
unit testing and want to learn JUnit 5,
or already know JUnit 4 and want to learn about the features of the new version.
Some of the major topics that we will cover include the new
architecture of JUnit 5 and the problem it solves,
how to use JUnit to create a static and dynamic test,
how to extend JUnit with the new extension mechanism,
and how to integrate JUnit with Gradle and Maven.
By the end of this course,
you'll understand how to use JUnit 5 to write unit tests.
Before beginning the course, you should have a basic knowledge of Java 8,
streams, lambda expressions, and default methods in interfaces.
I hope you'll join me on this journey to learn JUnit 5 with the JUnit 5 Fundamentals course at Pluralsight.